[Enhancement]- Adding Stock Availability (#10)
vtex-apps/product-availability: docs/README.md

```json
  "dependencies": {
"vtex.product-availability": "0.x"
}
```

Then, add `product-availability` block to your `blocks.json`

Now, you can change the behavior of the `product-availability` block that is in the minicart. See an example of how to configure **without** showing availability:

```json
"product-availability": {

> "props": {

Reviewer: Can you reident these json snippets?

Then, add `product-availability` block to your `blocks.json`

> Now, you can change the behavior of the `product-availability` block that is in the minicart. See an example of how to configure **without** showing availability:

Reviewer 2: Is this file a duplicate of the root readme?

Author: yes, it is.

Author: The curren master branch has also this two versions of the readme file.

Reviewer 2: Do you know why?

Author: I guess (but i'm not 100% sure) one belongs to the repo itself, and the other one is used for the Help Docs.

| `threshold`     | `Number` | DefineMinimum quantity that makes low stock message appear (if message is set). Default: 0    |
| `lowStockMessage`        | `String` | String to be shown to user when stock is lower than threshold. Should have {quantity} inside the given string, to be replaced for the threshold property. Example: \"Only {quantity} left!\". Leave empty to not show. Default: ""              |
| `highStockMessage`  | `String` | String to be shown when stock is higher or equal than threshold. If left empty, won\'t show. Default: ""                                                              |

> | `showAvailability`  | `String` | Enables the possibility to show the available items instead of lowStockMessage or highStockMessage. Accepted value "stock". Default "".                                                           |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `showAvailability`  | `'disabled' | 'stock'` | Enables the possibility to show the available items instead of lowStockMessage or highStockMessage. Default `'stock'`.                                                           |
```

> | `showAvailability`  | `String` | Enables the possibility to show the available items instead of lowStockMessage or highStockMessage. Default `'disabled'`. To enable it, string should be `'stock'`                                                     |

Reviewer: This has the same problem as the schema. You should type it like:
```suggestion
| `showAvailability`  | `'disabled' | 'stock'` | Enables the possibility to show the available items instead of lowStockMessage or highStockMessage. Default `'disabled'`. To enable it, string should be `'stock'`                                                     |
```
